---
title: Hack Kosice 2020
date: 2020-07-06T11:46:13+00:00
aliases:
  - /hk20/
menu:
  main:
    weight: 15
    name: Hack Kosice 2020
    parent: Hackathon 2020
use_sections: true
layout: single

onsite-online-hackathon:
  columns: 
    - title: 'On-site hackathon'
      content:
        - listItem: '150 on-site hackers ready to innovate'
        - listItem: '10+ sponsors stands '
        - listItem: 'Safety measures to maintain social distancing'
        - listItem: 'Live workshops'
        - listItem: 'Free food and tons of SWAG'
        - listItem: 'Plenty of other games and activities'
      button: 
        enable: true
        label: Information for on-site hackers
        link: https://goo.gl/maps/N3JmEi6PoeKtYPgM6 
    - title: 'Online hackathon'
      content:
        - listItem: '150 on-site hackers ready to innovate'
        - listItem: '10+ sponsors stands '
        - listItem: 'Safety measures to maintain social distancing'
        - listItem: 'Live workshops'
        - listItem: 'Free food and tons of SWAG'
        - listItem: 'Plenty of other games and activities'
      button: 
        enable: true
        label: Information for online hackers
        link: https://goo.gl/maps/N3JmEi6PoeKtYPgM6

    
---
{{< section >}}
# On-site + Online = Hybrid hackathon

After having to postpone our event in March due to the global pandemic, the Hack Kosice team has worked tirelessly to come up with ways to provide a safe hacking environment, while maintaining high levels of engagement for all our on-site and online participants.

{{< /section >}}

{{< section type="column-list" config="onsite-online-hackathon" / >}}

{{< section >}}

## FAQ

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>What's in it for me?</summary>

As a participant, you get the following:
- A weekend of innovation and fun with **250 smartest peers**
- Interaction with top tech companies in the region
- Workshops and talks by experienced professionals (more info on that later)
- Free food, drinks & swag
- Prizes

If you wish to take another role (e.g. sponsor, mentor, speaker), please [contact us](/contact)!

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>How much does it cost?</summary>

Nothing. Attending Hack Kosice is 100% free, and we’d like to thank our awesome sponsors who make it possible!

In addition to that, you will enjoy a lot of free food and swag during the event.

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>Do I need to be a student?</summary>

Only students who are currently enrolled at a high school, college, university or graduated in past 12 months are eligible to attend.

However, are you interested in this event or totally excited about it? You can also be a volunteer, [mentor](https://mlh.io/mentors), sponsor or judge — just [contact us](/contact)!

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>Do you provide travel reimbursements?</summary>

Yes! We provide travel reimbursements if you are coming from abroad. Up to 20€ if you are coming from Czechia/Poland/Hungary/Austria/Ukraine and up to 50€ otherwise (excluding Slovakia).

To get reimbursed, you need to submit travel receipts, attend the hackathon and demo a project.

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>Do you issue visa invitation letters?</summary>

Yes! If you need an Invitation letter for your visa application, please indicate so in [your application](https://apply.hackkosice.com/dashboard).

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>Can I come to the hackathon on-site?</summary>

Hack Kosice 2020 will be a hybrid hackathon, combining both on-site and online participants. In general, you can come to the hackathon if you are currently resident in one of these countries: **Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Faroe Islands, Finland, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Lithuania, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Slovenia, Switzerland**. 

You can also come from these countries if you additionally provide a proof of being tested negative for COVID-19: **France, Italy, Spain**.

However, your allowed type of attendance is determined by our individual invitation email once you are accepted. *Note: these lists may change according to circumstances and [recommendations of the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic](https://www.mzv.sk/web/en/covid-19).*

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>Do I need to apply first?</summary>

Yes. Applications will be considered on an individual basis (or within your team if you register as a team). You can apply [here](https://apply.hackkosice.com/).

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>Why am I asked to provide my CV?</summary>

Your CV is used in the selection process. If you are accepted, sponsors will also have access to your CV — this is so that you can get on their radar and they can get your contact details for recruitment purposes. It’s a win-win!

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>Will we work in teams?</summary>

Yes, you can find a **team of up to 4 people**. However, if you come alone, you can participate in our team formation event at the beginning of the hackathon, where you can meet others with similar interests and complementary skillsets.

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>Is there a Code of Conduct?</summary>

Yes, there is. We enforce these rules very strongly. You can find it [here](https://static.mlh.io/docs/mlh-code-of-conduct.pdf).

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>What is Major League Hacking?</summary>

[Major League Hacking (MLH)](https://mlh.io/) is the official student hackathon league. Each year, they power over [200 weekend-long invention competitions](http://mlh.io/events) that inspire innovation, cultivate communities and teach computer science skills to more than **65,000 students** around the world. MLH is an engaged and passionate maker community, consisting of the next generation of technology leaders and entrepreneurs.

</details>

<details class="bg-light">
<summary>What is a hackathon?</summary>

A creative and social event where students come together, share ideas and build cool software & hardware hacks during 24 hours. You learn immensely, interact with startups & companies and get to meet like-minded people from around the world. Don’t worry, it’s very beginner friendly, and open to students passionate about innovations, technology, engineering, entrepreneurship, design, or more!

</details>

{{< /section >}}



